Add wireframe.md, annotations.md, and term folders. (#5)
js6450/docs: content/uiux/concepts/wireframe/wireframe.md

Description: 'A wireframe is a low-fidelity representation of a digital interface that defines the content layout and page elements.' # Required; ideally under 150 characters and starts with a present-tense verb (used in search engine results and content previews)
Subjects: # Please only use Subjects in the subjects.md file (https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/subjects.md). If that list feels insufficient, feel free to create a new Subject and add it to subjects.md in your PR!
  - 'Web Design'
Tags: # Please only use Tags in the tags.md file (https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/tags.md). If that list feels insufficient, feel free to create a new Tag and add it to tags.md in your PR!
  - 'UI'
  - 'UX'
CatalogContent: # Please use course/path landing page slugs, rather than linking to individual content items. If listing multiple items, please put the most relevant one first
  - 'intro-to-ui-ux'
  - 'path/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

A wireframe is a low-fidelity representation of a digital interface that defines the content layout and page elements.

> Wireframes are meant to show an idea, or proof of concept, without investing too much time and resources. Wireframes can be sketched or created in [design software](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/design-software) (such as [Figma](https://www.figma.com/) and [AdobeXD](https://www.adobe.com/products/xd.html)). It is important to remember that when creating wireframes not to dwell on cosmetic elements like [font](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/text-properties), colors, [imagery](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/images), and even accurate spacing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wireframes are meant to show an idea, or proof of concept, without investing too much time and resources. Wireframes can be sketched or created in [design software](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/design-software) (such as [Figma](https://www.figma.com/) and [AdobeXD](https://www.adobe.com/products/xd.html)). When creating wireframes, it is important not to dwell on cosmetic elements like [font](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/text-properties), colors, [imagery](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/images), and even accurate spacing.
```

![Example of a wireframe concept and the live implementation of the Codecademy's sign up page.](https://static-assets.codecademy.com/Courses/intro-to-ui-and-ux/wireframes/wireframe.png)

> The rough draft nature of wireframes helps determine a solution for the structure ([information architecture](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/information-architecture) and [interaction design](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/interaction-design)) and skeleton ([interface design](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/interface-design), [navigation design](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/navigation-design), [information design](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/information-design)) layers of the [Five Elements of UX Design](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/five-elements-of-ux-design).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wireframes are like rough drafts that help determine a solution for the structure ([information architecture](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/information-architecture) and [interaction design](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/interaction-design)) and skeleton ([interface design](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/interface-design), [navigation design](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/navigation-design), [information design](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/information-design)) layers of the [Five Elements of UX Design](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/five-elements-of-ux-design).
```
